
# 1. TERMS OF USE

This page states the Terms of Use ("Terms") under which you ("You") may use the
Global Job Hunt Sites and the Global Job Hunt Services (each as defined below).
These Terms include the Global Job Hunt Privacy Policy, which is incorporated
into these Terms by reference.




 These Terms constitute a binding agreement between You and Global Job Hunt LLC
 or the Global Job Hunt company operating the Web site for the country in which
 You live or in which business is headquartered (herein after as
 "GlobalJobHunt"), and are deemed accepted by You each time that You use or
 access any GlobalJobHunt Site or GlobalJobHunt Services. If You do not accept
 the Terms stated here, do not use the GlobalJobHunt Sites and the
 GlobalJobHunt Services.




The GlobalJobHunt Sites are defined as any Web sites under GlobalJobHunt's
control, whether partial or otherwise (including, without limitation,
GlobalJobHunt.com and the Web site from which these terms of use were accessed
from). The GlobalJobHunt Sites include a variety of features and services,
including an on-line service to post and search employment opportunities
("GlobalJobHunt Services"). The GlobalJobHunt Sites also include on-line
communities designed to facilitate valuable professional and personal
networking among users of the GlobalJobHunt Sites ("Users") based on common
experiences and interests ("GlobalJobHunt Communities"). The GlobalJobHunt
Sites also allow Users to create individual profiles, which may include
personal information ("Profiles"), and to make these Profiles, or aspects
thereof, public.




GlobalJobHunt may revise these Terms at any time by posting an updated version
to this Web page. You should visit this page periodically to review the most
current Terms because they are binding on You.




Users who violate these Terms may have their access and use of the
GlobalJobHunt Sites suspended or terminated, at GlobalJobHunt's discretion.




You must be 13 years of age or older to visit or use any GlobalJobHunt Site in
any manner, and, if under the age of 18 or the age of majority as that is
defined in Your jurisdiction, must use any GlobalJobHunt Site under the
supervision of a parent, legal guardian, or other responsible adult.








# 2. USE OF GLOBAL JOB HUNT  CONTENT

GlobalJobHunt authorizes You, subject to these Terms, to access and use
the GlobalJobHunt Sites and the GlobalJobHunt Content (as defined below) and to
download and print a single copy of the content available on or from the
GlobalJobHunt Sites solely for Your personal, non-commercial use unless agreed
upon by an express writing from Global Job Hunt. The contents of the
GlobalJobHunt Sites, such as designs, text, graphics, images, video,
information, logos, button icons, software, audio files and other GlobalJobHunt
content (collectively, "GlobalJobHunt Content"), are protected under copyright,
trademark and other laws. All GlobalJobHunt Content is the property of
GlobalJobHunt or its licensees.The compilation (meaning the collection,
arrangement and assembly) of all content on the GlobalJobHunt Sites is the
exclusive property of GlobalJobHunt and is protected by copyright, trademark,
and other laws. Unauthorized use of the GlobalJobHunt Content may violate these
laws and/or applicable communications regulations and statutes, and is strictly
prohibited. You must preserve all copyright, trademark, service mark and other
proprietary notices contained in the original GlobalJobHunt Content on any
authorized copy You make of the GlobalJobHunt Content.




Any code that GlobalJobHunt creates to generate or display any GlobalJobHunt
Content or the pages making up any GlobalJobHunt Site is also protected by
GlobalJobHunt's copyright and You may not copy or adapt such code.




You may not use any of the GlobalJobHunt Content on any other Web site or in a
networked computer environment (including, without limitation, by uploading or
republishing GlobalJobHunt Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site
or incorporating the GlobalJobHunt Content in any other database or compilation
for any purpose). Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall
be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether
by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time
without notice and with or without cause.








# 3. USE OF THE GLOBAL JOB HUNT SERVICES


The job postings, job search other features of the GlobalJobHunt Sites may be
used only by individuals seeking employment and/or career information. In
addition, the GlobalJobHunt Communities may be used by individuals for
permitted professional and personal networking purposes. Your use of the
GlobalJobHunt Services is also subject to any other contracts You may have with
GlobalJobHunt. In the case of any conflict between these Terms and any contract
you have with GlobalJobHunt, the terms of your contract will prevail. The term
"post" as used herein shall mean information that You submit, publish or
display on a GlobalJobHunt Site.




All GlobalJobHunt Users agree to not:




(a) transmit, post, distribute, store or destroy material, including without
limitation GlobalJobHunt Content, in violation of any applicable law or
regulation, including but not limited to laws or regulations governing the
collection, processing, or transfer of personal information, or in breach of
GlobalJobHunt's privacy policy;




(b) take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large
load on any GlobalJobHunt Site's infrastructure;




(c) use any device to navigate or search any GlobalJobHunt Site other than the
tools available on the Site, generally available third party web browsers, or
other tools approved by GlobalJobHunt;




(d) use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction
methods;




(e) violate or attempt to violate the security of any GlobalJobHunt Site
including attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or
network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper
authorization;




(f) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any
e-mail or newsgroup posting;




(g) reverse engineer or decompile any parts of any GlobalJobHunt Site;




(h) aggregate, copy or duplicate in any manner any of the GlobalJobHunt Content
or information available from any GlobalJobHunt Site, including expired job
postings, other than as permitted by these Terms;




(i) frame or link to any GlobalJobHunt Content or information available from
any GlobalJobHunt Site, unless permitted by these Terms;




(j) post any content or material that promotes or endorses false or misleading
information or illegal activities, or endorses or provides instructional
information about illegal activities or other activities prohibited by these
Terms, such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy,
providing or creating computer viruses or pirating media;




(k) post any resume or apply for any job on behalf of another party;




(l) defer any contact from an employer to any agent, agency, or other third
party;




(m) set more than one copy of the same resume to public at any one time;




(n) share with a third party any login credentials to any GlobalJobHunt Site;




(o) access data not intended for You or logging into a server or account which
You are not authorized to access;




(p) post or submit to any GlobalJobHunt Site any incomplete, false or
inaccurate biographical information or information which is not Your own;




(q) post content that contains restricted or password-only access pages, or
hidden pages or images;




(r) solicit passwords or personally identifiable information from other Users;




(s) delete or alter any material posted by any other person or entity;




(t) harass, incite harassment or advocate harassment of any group, company, or
individual;




(u) send unsolicited mail or email, make unsolicited phone calls or send
unsolicited faxes promoting and/or advertising products or services to any
User, or contact any users that have specifically requested not to be contacted
by You;




(v) attempt to interfere with service to any User, host or network, including,
without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to any GlobalJobHunt Site,
overloading, "flooding", "spamming", "mailbombing" or "crashing";




(w) promote or endorse an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's
copyrighted work, such by as providing or making available pirated computer
programs or links to them, providing or making available information to
circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing or making
available pirated music or other media or links to pirated music or other media
files; or




(x) use the GlobalJobHunt Services for any unlawful purpose or any illegal
activity, or post or submit any content, resume, or job posting that is
defamatory, libelous, implicitly or explicitly offensive, vulgar, obscene,
threatening, abusive, hateful, racist, discriminatory, of a menacing character
or likely to cause annoyance, inconvenience, embarrassment, anxiety or could
cause harassment to any person or include any links to pornographic, indecent
or sexually explicit material of any kind, as determined by GlobalJobHunt's
discretion.




Violations of system or network security may result in civil and/or criminal
liability. GlobalJobHunt will investigate occurrences which may involve such
violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in
prosecuting Users who are involved in such violations.



# 4. ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO JOB SEEKERS


When You register with any GlobalJobHunt Site, You will be asked to create an
account and provide GlobalJobHunt with certain information including, without
limitation, a valid email address (Your "Information").

Any Profile You submit must be accurate and describe You, an individual person.
The Profile requires standard fields to be completed and you may not include in
these fields any telephone numbers, street addresses, email addresses or other
means of contacting You, other than Your last name and URLs.

You acknowledge and agree that You are solely responsible for the form, content
and accuracy of any resume or material contained therein placed by You on the
GlobalJobHunt Sites.

GlobalJobHunt reserves the right to offer third party services and products to
You.

You understand and acknowledge that You have no ownership rights in Your
account and that if You cancel Your GlobalJobHunt account or Your GlobalJobHunt
account is terminated, all Your account information from GlobalJobHunt,
including resumes, Profiles, cover letters, saved jobs, questionnaires will be
marked as deleted in and may be deleted from GlobalJobHunt's databases and will
be removed from any public area of the GlobalJobHunt Sites. Information may
continue to be available for some period of time because of delays in
propagating such deletion through GlobalJobHunt's web servers. In addition,
third parties may retain saved copies of Your Information.

GlobalJobHunt reserves the right to delete Your account and all of Your
Information after a significant duration of inactivity.




# 5. USER CONTENT AND SUBMISSIONS

You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound,
photographs, graphics, video, advertisements, messages or other materials
submitted, posted or displayed by You on or through a GlobalJobHunt Site ("User
Content") is the sole responsibility of the person from which such User Content
originated. GlobalJobHunt claims no ownership or control over any User Content.
You or a third party licensor, as appropriate, retain all patent, trademark and
copyright to any User Content you submit, post or display on or through
GlobalJobHunt and you are responsible for protecting those rights, as
appropriate. By submitting, posting or displaying User Content on or through
GlobalJobHunt, you grant GlobalJobHunt a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free
license to reproduce, adapt, distribute and publish such User Content through
GlobalJobHunt. In addition, by submitting, posting or displaying User Content
which is intended to be available to the general public, you grant
GlobalJobHunt a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce,
adapt, distribute and publish such User Content for the purpose of promoting
GlobalJobHunt and its services. GlobalJobHunt will discontinue this licensed
use within a commercially reasonable period after such User Content is removed
from GlobalJobHunt. GlobalJobHunt reserves the right to refuse to accept, post,
display or transmit any User Content in its sole discretion.

If You post User Content in any public area of any GlobalJobHunt Site, You also
permit any User to access, display, view, store and reproduce such User Content
for personal use. Subject to the foregoing, the owner of such User Content
placed on any GlobalJobHunt Site retains any and all rights that may exist in
such User Content. GlobalJobHunt may review and remove any User Content that,
in its sole judgment, violates these Terms, violates applicable laws, rules or
regulations, is abusive, disruptive, offensive or illegal, or violates the
rights of, or harms or threatens the safety of, Users of any GlobalJobHunt
Site. GlobalJobHunt reserves the right to expel Users and prevent their further
access to the GlobalJobHunt Sites and/or use of GlobalJobHunt Services for
violating the Terms or applicable laws, rules or regulations. GlobalJobHunt may
take any action with respect to User Content that it deems necessary or
appropriate in its sole discretion if it believes that such User Content could
create liability for GlobalJobHunt, damage GlobalJobHunt's brand or public
image, or cause GlobalJobHunt to lose Users or (in whole or in part) the
services of its ISPs or other suppliers.

GlobalJobHunt does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or
reliability of User Content, derivative works from User Content, or any other
communications posted by Users nor does GlobalJobHunt endorse any opinions
expressed by Users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by
other Users will be at Your own risk.

You may not include, in any User Content submitted to GlobalJobHunt
Communities, information that may be interpreted as a direct solicitation,
advertisement or recruitment for an available job position directed to
individuals seeking employment on either a full time or part time basis. In
order to protect our GlobalJobHunt Community Users from commercial advertising
or solicitation, GlobalJobHunt reserves the right to restrict the number of
e-mails or other messages which a User may send to other Users to a number
which GlobalJobHunt deems appropriate in its sole discretion.

Candidate profiles derived from User Content may also be made available through
the GlobalJobHunt Sites. GlobalJobHunt does not make any representations
regarding the accuracy or validity of such derived works or their
appropriateness for evaluation by employers. Derived profiles may differ
significantly from User Content.

We appreciate hearing from our Users and welcome Your comments regarding our
services and the GlobalJobHunt Sites. Please be advised, however, that our
policy does not permit us to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions,
inventions or materials other than those which we have specifically requested.
While we do value Your feedback on our services, please be specific in Your
comments regarding our services and do not submit creative ideas, inventions,
suggestions, or materials. If, despite our request, You send us creative
suggestions, ideas, drawings, concepts, inventions, or other information
(collectively the "Submission"), the Submission shall be the property of
GlobalJobHunt. None of the Submission shall be subject to any obligation of
confidentiality on our part and we shall not be liable for any use or
disclosure of any Submission. GlobalJobHunt shall own exclusively all now known
or later discovered rights to the Submission and shall be entitled to
unrestricted use of the Submission for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or
otherwise, without compensation to You or any other person.

# 6. IDENTIFICATION OF AGENT TO RECEIVE NOTIFICATION AND ELEMENTS OF
# NOTIFICATION OF CLAIMED COPYRIGHT OR TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT

If You believe that Your copyrighted work or trademark has been uploaded,
posted or copied to any GlobalJobHunt Site and is accessible on such
GlobalJobHunt Site in a way that constitutes copyright or trademark
infringement, please contact the Director of Compliance and Fraud Prevention
who we have designated as our agent to receive notices of claims of copyright
or trademark infringement or other nonconformance to these Terms on the
GlobalJobHunt Sites. You can contact the Director as follows:



By mail:




April Chepovsky Gold

GlobalJobHunt

PO Box 1089

Castle Rock, Colorado

USA 80104


# 7. POLICY REGARDING TERMINATION OF USERS WHO INFRINGE THE COPYRIGHT OR OTHER
# INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS

GlobalJobHunt respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our
Users and content partners to do the same. The unauthorized posting,
reproduction, copying, distribution, modification, public display or public
performance of copyrighted works constitutes infringement of the copyright
owners rights. As a condition to Your use of the GlobalJobHunt Sites, You agree
not to use any GlobalJobHunt Site to infringe the intellectual property rights
of others in any way. GlobalJobHunt reserves the right to terminate the
accounts of any Users, and block access to the GlobalJobHunt Sites of any Users
who are repeat infringers of the copyrights, or other intellectual property
rights, of others. GlobalJobHunt reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
take these actions to limit access to the Site and/or terminate the accounts of
any time, in our sole discretion Users who infringe any intellectual property
rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement, with or
without notice, and without any liability to the User who is terminated or to
the User whose access is blocked. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event
that You believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been
wrongly filed against You, please contact the Director of Compliance and Fraud
Prevention as set out above.




# 8. GLOBAL JOB HUNT'S LIABILITY

The GlobalJobHunt Sites act as, among other things, venues for (i) employers to
post job opportunities and search for and evaluate job candidates and (ii)
candidates to post resumes and Profiles and search for and evaluate job
opportunities. GlobalJobHunt does not screen or censor the listings, including
Profiles offered. GlobalJobHunt may be involved in employee placement involving
certain candidates however, it purely serves in an agency capacity and is not
responsible for the quality, safety or legality of the jobs or resumes posted,.
As a result, GlobalJobHunt is not responsible for User Content, the quality,
safety or legality of the jobs or resumes posted, the truth or accuracy of the
listings, the ability of employers or recruiters to offer job opportunities to
candidates or the ability of candidates to fill job openings and GlobalJobHunt
makes no representations about any jobs, resumes or User Content on the
GlobalJobHunt Sites. While GlobalJobHunt reserves the right in its sole
discretion to remove User Content, job postings, resumes or other material from
the GlobalJobHunt Sites from time to time, GlobalJobHunt does not assume any
obligation to do so and to the extent permitted by law, disclaims any liability
for failing to take any such action.

GlobalJobHunt Communities provides a venue for individuals to network for
professional and personal purposes GlobalJobHunt has no control over the
accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Profiles or User
Content submitted on the GlobalJobHunt Sites and makes no representations about
any Profile or User Content on the GlobalJobHunt Sites.

Note that there are risks, including but not limited to the risk of physical
harm, of dealing with strangers, underage persons or people acting under false
pretenses. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with
whom You come in contact through the GlobalJobHunt Sites. By its very nature
other people's information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some
cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled. We expect that You will use
caution and common sense when using the GlobalJobHunt Sites.

Because User authentication on the Internet is difficult, GlobalJobHunt cannot
and does not confirm that each User is who they claim to be. Because we do not
and cannot be involved in User-to-User dealings or control the behavior of
participants on any GlobalJobHunt Site, in the event that You have a dispute
with one or more Users, You release GlobalJobHunt (and our agents and
employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential and
direct and indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and
unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected
with such disputes to the fullest extent permitted by law.

The GlobalJobHunt Sites and the GlobalJobHunt Content may contain inaccuracies
or typographical errors. GlobalJobHunt makes no representations about the
accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of any GlobalJobHunt Site or
the GlobalJobHunt Content. The use of all GlobalJobHunt Sites and the
GlobalJobHunt Content is at Your own risk. Changes are periodically made to
GlobalJobHunt Sites and may be made at any time. GlobalJobHunt cannot guarantee
and does not promise any specific results from use of any GlobalJobHunt Site.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by a User from
GlobalJobHunt or through or from any GlobalJobHunt Site shall create any
warranty not expressly stated herein.

If You are a California resident, You waive California Civil Code Section 1542,
which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor
does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing
the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or
her settlement with the debtor."

GlobalJobHunt encourages You to keep a back-up copy of any of Your User
Content. To the extent permitted by law, in no event shall GlobalJobHunt be
liable for the deletion, loss, or unauthorized modification of any User
Content.

GlobalJobHunt does not provide or make any representation as to the quality or
nature of any of the third party products or services purchased through any
GlobalJobHunt Site, or any other representation, warranty or guaranty. Any such
undertaking, representation, warranty or guaranty would be furnished solely by
the provider of such third party products or services, under the terms agreed
to by the provider.

If You believe that something on the Site violates these Terms please contact
our designated agent set forth in Section 7 above.

If notified of any content or other materials which allegedly do not conform to
these Terms, GlobalJobHunt may in its sole discretion investigate the
allegation and determine whether to remove or request the removal of the
content. GlobalJobHunt has no liability or responsibility to Users for
performance or nonperformance of such activities.

# 10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE BY LAW, GLOBALJOBHUNT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY
GLOBALJOBHUNT SITE OR ANY GLOBALJOBHUNT SERVICES WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR
THAT ANY GLOBALJOBHUNT SITE AND ITS SERVERS ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR
OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF ANY GLOBALJOBHUNT SITE OR THE
GLOBALJOBHUNT CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT
OR DATA OR ANY OTHER COSTS, GLOBALJOBHUNT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
THE GLOBALJOBHUNT SITES AND GLOBALJOBHUNT CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS"
BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. GLOBALJOBHUNT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. GLOBALJOBHUNT MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE GLOBALJOBHUNT CONTENT,
SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.

# 11. DISCLAIMER OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL GLOBALJOBHUNT, ITS
SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON ANY GLOBALJOBHUNT SITE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA, LOST
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE ANY GLOBALJOBHUNT SITE AND THE GLOBALJOBHUNT CONTENT, WHETHER
BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR
NOT GLOBALJOBHUNT IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.




# 12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE BY LAW, GLOBALJOBHUNT'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY GLOBALJOBHUNT SITE OR YOUR USE OF THE
GLOBALJOBHUNT CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
TORT, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE), WILL NOT EXCEED $100.

# 13. LINKS TO OTHER SITES

The GlobalJobHunt Sites contain links to third party Web sites. These links are
provided solely as a convenience to You and not as an endorsement by
GlobalJobHunt of the contents on such third-party Web sites. GlobalJobHunt is
not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make
any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such
third party Web sites. If You decide to access linked third-party Web sites,
You do so at Your own risk.


# 14. NO RESALE OR UNAUTHORIZED COMMERCIAL USE

You agree not to resell or assign Your rights or obligations under these Terms.
You also agree not to make any unauthorized commercial use of any GlobalJobHunt
Site.

# 15. INDEMNIT

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless GlobalJobHunt, its
affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents,
from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation
reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from (i) any User
Content or other material You provide to any GlobalJobHunt Site, (ii) Your use
of any GlobalJobHunt Content, or (iii) Your breach of these Terms.
GlobalJobHunt shall provide notice to You promptly of any such claim, suit, or
proceeding.



# 16. GENERAL

GlobalJobHunt makes no claims or representations that the GlobalJobHunt Content
may be lawfully viewed or accessed outside of the United States. Access to the
GlobalJobHunt Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain
countries. If You access any GlobalJobHunt Site You do so at Your own risk and
are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction. Any software
downloaded from any GlobalJobHunt Site is further subject to United States
export control laws, and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or
re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North
Korea, Iran, Syria or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods
or (ii) to any individual or entity on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of
Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny
Orders. By downloading or using such software, You represent and warrant that
You are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any
such country, individual, or entity on any such list.

These Terms are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of
Wyoming, in the United States without respect to its conflict of laws
principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under this agreement shall lie
exclusively with the proper state or federal courts within Colorado and most
convenient to Denver, CO. If any   provision of these Terms are found to be
invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such
provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these
Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of
these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any
other term. In addition, GlobalJobHunt's failure to enforce any term of these
Terms shall not be deemed as a waiver of such term or otherwise affect
GlobalJobHunt's ability to enforce such term at any point in the future. Except
as expressly provided in an additional agreement, additional Terms for certain
areas of the GlobalJobHunt Sites, a particular "Legal Notice," or software
license or material on particular pages on the GlobalJobHunt Sites, these Terms
constitute the entire agreement between You and GlobalJobHunt with respect to
the use of the GlobalJobHunt Sites. No changes to these Terms shall be made
except by a revised posting on this page.

# 17. ADDITIONAL TERMS

Certain areas of the GlobalJobHunt Sites are subject to additional Terms. By
using such areas, or any part thereof, You agree to be bound by the additional
Terms applicable to such areas.

# 18. TERM AND TERMINATION

These Terms will remain in full force and effect while You are a User of any
GlobalJobHunt Site. GlobalJobHunt reserves the right, at its sole discretion,
to pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not limited to removal of
Your User Content from the GlobalJobHunt Sites and immediate termination of
Your registration with or ability to access the GlobalJobHunt Sites and/or any
other services provided to You by GlobalJobHunt, upon any breach by You of
these Terms or if GlobalJobHunt is unable to verify or authenticate any
information You submit to a GlobalJobHunt Site registration. Even after You are
no longer a User of the GlobalJobHunt Sites, certain provisions of these Terms
will remain in effect to the fullest extent of the law.

# 19. INVALIDATION OF PART OF THIS AGREEMENT

Should a court of proper jurisdiction invalidate any portion of this contract,
the remaining portions will continue to remain in full effect.
